[IMP] inventory: update owned_stock (#3600)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/misc/owned_stock.rst

=================================================

> Consignment: Buy and Sell Stock Without Owning It

Reviewer: Consignment: Buy and sell stock without owning it

*need to consider the capitalization rules

=================================================

Most of the time, products stored in a company's warehouse are either purchased from suppliers, or
are manufactured in-house. However, suppliers will sometimes let companies store and sell products

> in their warehouses without having to buy those items up front. This is called **Consignment**.

Reviewer: ...in their warehouses, without having to buy those items up front.

> This is a great way for suppliers to launch new products and easily get them out to their

Reviewer: This is a great way for suppliers to launch new products, and easily get them to their customers. It's also a great way for the company storing the products (the consignee) to earn something back for their efforts. Consignees can even charge a fee for the convenience of storing products they don't actually own.

customers, and a great way for the company storing the products (the consignee) to earn sommething
back for it. Consignees can even charge a fee for the convenience of storing products that they
don't actually own.

Configuration
=============

> To receive, store, and sell consignment stock, the *Consignment* feature needs to be enabled. To

Reviewer: ...the :guilabel:`Consignment` feature...

enable this, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`, and under the
**Traceability** section, check the box next to :guilabel:`Consignment`.

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-enable-consignment.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled Consignment setting in Inventory configuration.

> Receive and Store Consignment Stock

Reviewer: Receive (and store) consignment stock

===================================

> With the *Consignment* feature enabled, consignment stock can now be received into a warehouse.

Reviewer: With the :guilabel:`Consignment` feature enabled, consignment stock can now be received into a warehouse.

> From the Inventory main dashboard, click into the :guilabel:`Receipts` section. Then, click

Reviewer: From the main Inventory dashboard,...

:guilabel:`New`.

.. note::
    Consignment stock is not actually purchased from the vendor; it is simply received and stored.
    Because of this, there are no quotations or purchase orders involved in receiving consignment
    stock. So, *every* receipt of consignment stock will start by creating manual receipts.

Choose a vendor to enter in the :guilabel:`Receive From` field, then choose the same vendor to
enter in the :guilabel:`Assign Owner` field.

.. important::
    Since the products received from the vendor will be owned by the same vendor, the

>     :guilabel:`Receive From` and :guilabel:`Assign Owner` field must match each other.

Reviewer: ...field must match.

Once the vendor-related fields are set, enter products into the product lines, and set the
quantities to be received into the warehouse under the :guilabel:`Done` column. Once everything has
been set, :guilabel:`Validate` the receipt.

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-receipt-fields.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Matching vendor fields in consignment Receipt creation.

> Sell and Deliver Consignment Stock

Reviewer: Sell and deliver consignment stock

==================================

Once it's been received into the warheouse, consignment stock can be sold the same as any other
product. To create a sales order, navigate to the :guilabel:`Sales` app, and from the

> **Quotations** overview, click :guilabel:`New`.

Reviewer: :guilabel:`Quotations` overview, ...

Fill out all the information on the new quotation, and choose a customer to enter into the
:guilabel:`Customer` field.

.. note::
    The :guilabel:`Customer` *must* be different from the vendor that supplied the consignment

>     stock received into and stored in the warheouse.

Reviewer: The :guilabel:`Customer` *must* be different from the :guilabel:`Vendor` that supplied the consignment stock received  (and stored) in the warehouse.

Add the consignment product to the product lines, set the :guilabel:`Quantity`, and once everything

> has been filled out, :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Reviewer: ..., click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-sales-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sales order of consignment stock.

Once the quotation has been confirmed, it will become a sales order. From here, the products can be

> delivered and invoiced for.

Reviewer: ...delivered and invoices can be sent.

> Traceability and Reporting of Consignment Stock

Reviewer: Traceability and reporting of consignment stock

===============================================

Although consignment stock is owned by the vendor who supplied it and not by the company storing
it in their warehouse, consignment products will still appear in certain inventory reports. To find

> inventory reports, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting`, and choose a report to view.

Reviewer: Although consignment stock is owned by the vendor who supplied it, and not by the company storing
it in their warehouse, consignment products will *still* appear in certain inventory reports. 

To find inventory reports, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting`, and choose a report to view.

.. note::
    Since the consignee does not actually own consigment stock, these products are *not* reflected

>     in the **Stock Valuation** report, and have no impact on the consignee's inventory valuation.

Reviewer: ...in the :guilabel:`Stock Valuation` report, ...

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-moves-history.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Consignment stock moves history.

> **Stock** Report

Reviewer: Is there a reason behind the "**"?

Could "Stock report" work instead? Just a thought...

----------------

> To view the **Stock** report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Stock`. From this

Reviewer: same question re: "**"

> report, information about all stock on-hand can be seen. For consignment products, the information

Reviewer: ...report, all information about on-hand stock can be seen.

in this report is the same as any other product: the history of its product moves can be reviewed;

> any replenishment rules are listed; its **Locations** are available; and its :guilabel:`Forecasted`

Reviewer: ...its :guilabel:`Locations` are available...

units are listed, as well.

> **Locations** Report

Reviewer: Same question re: "**"

Locations report

--------------------

> To view the **Locations** report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Locations`.

Reviewer: To view the :guilabel:`Locations` report,...

> From this report, the **Locations** of all stock on-hand are displayed, as well as the quantities

Reviewer: From this report, the :guilabel:`Locations` of all stock on-hand are displayed, in addition to the quantities per location.

=================================================
Consignment: Buy and sell stock without owning it
=================================================

Most of the time, products stored in a company's warehouse are either purchased from suppliers, or
are manufactured in-house. However, suppliers will sometimes let companies store and sell products

> in their warehouse, without having to buy those items up front. This is called *Consignment*.

Author: Nice catch. I didn't even consider how this could be confusing but definitely works to change it here.

here, the products can be delivered by clicking on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button, and
invoices can be created and sent to the customer.

Traceability and reporting of consignment stock
===============================================

Although consignment stock is owned by the vendor who supplied it, and not by the company storing
it in their warehouse, consignment products will *still* appear in certain inventory reports.

To find inventory reports, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting`, and choose a report to
view.

.. note::
    Since the consignee does not actually own consigment stock, these products are *not* reflected
    in the :guilabel:`Stock Valuation` report, and have no impact on the consignee's inventory
    valuation.

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-moves-history.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Consignment stock moves history.

Product moves report
--------------------

To view the :guilabel:`Product Moves` report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting -->
Product Moves`. From this report, all information about stock on-hand can be seen. For
consignment products, the information in this report is the same as any other product: the history

> of its product moves can be reviewed; any replenishment rules are listed; and its

Author: Me neither. I've removed this.

=================================================
Consignment: Buy and sell stock without owning it
=================================================

Most of the time, products stored in a company's warehouse are either purchased from suppliers, or
are manufactured in-house. However, suppliers will sometimes let companies store and sell products
in the company's warehouse, without having to buy those items up-front. This is called

> *Consignment*.

Reviewer 2: lowercase *consignment*

Once the vendor-related fields are set, enter products into the :guilabel:`Product` lines, and set
the quantities to be received into the warehouse under the :guilabel:`Done` column. If the
:guilabel:`Units of Measure` feature is enabled, the :abbr:`UoM (Units of Measure)` can be changed,
as well. Once all the consignment stock has been received, :guilabel:`Validate` the receipt.

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-receipt-fields.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Matching vendor fields in consignment Receipt creation.

Sell and deliver consignment stock
==================================

Once consignment stock has been received into the warehouse, it can be sold the same as any other
product. To create a sales order, navigate to the :guilabel:`Sales` app, and from the
:guilabel:`Quotations` overview, click :guilabel:`Create`.

Choose a customer to enter into the :guilabel:`Customer` field.

.. note::
    The :guilabel:`Customer` *must* be different from the :guilabel:`Vendor` that supplied the
    consignment stock received (and stored) in the warehouse.

Add the consignment product under the :guilabel:`Product` column in the :guilabel:`Order Lines,`

> set the :guilabel:`Quantity`, and any other pertinent product details. Once everything has been

Reviewer 2: can break line later at *set*

out, click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-sales-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sales order of consignment stock.

Once the :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` has been confirmed, it will become a sales order. From
here, the products can be delivered by clicking on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button, and
selecting :guilabel:`Validate` to validate the delivery.

Traceability and reporting of consignment stock
===============================================

Although consignment stock is owned by the vendor who supplied it, and not by the company storing it
in their warehouse, consignment products will *still* appear in certain inventory reports.

To find inventory reports, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting`, and choose a report to
view.

.. note::
   Since the consignee does not actually own consigment stock, these products are *not* reflected
   in the :guilabel:`Stock Valuation` report, and have no impact on the consignee's inventory
   valuation.

Product moves report
--------------------

> To view the :guilabel:`Product Moves` report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting -->
> Product Moves`. From this report, all information about on-hand stock moves can be seen. For
> consignment products, the information in this report is the same as any other product: the history

Reviewer 3: To better fit the guilabel use here, slight rewording.
```suggestion
To view all information about on-hand stock moves, navigate to the the :guilabel:`Product Moves`
dashboard by going to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Product Moves`. For consignment
products, the information in this report is the same as any other product: the history
```

of its product moves can be reviewed; the :guilabel:`Quantity Done` and :guilabel:`Reference`
document are available; and its :guilabel:`Locations` are available, as well. The consignment stock
will originate from :guilabel:`Partner Location/Vendors`.

> .. tip::
>    To view a consignment product's moves for each individual :guilabel:`Owner`, select
>    :guilabel:`Group By`, :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, then select :guilabel:`From Owner` from the
>    :guilabel:`drop-down menu` and click :guilabel:`Apply`.

Reviewer 3: Guilabel use, wording.
```suggestion
.. tip::
   To view a consignment product's moves by ownership, select the :guilabel:`Group By` filter,
   choose the :guilabel:`Add Custom Group` parameter, and then select :guilabel:`From Owner`, and
   :guilabel:`Apply` to finish.
```

>     the :guilabel:`drop-down menu` and click :guilabel:`Apply`.

Reviewer 2: can break line later at *the*

.. image:: owned_stock/owned-stock-moves-history.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Consignment stock moves history.

.. tip::
   To see forecasted units of consignment stock, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting -->
   Forecasted Inventory`.

Stock on hand report
--------------------

> To view the :guilabel:`Stock On Hand` report, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting -->
> Inventory Report`. From this report, the :guilabel:`Locations` of all stock on-hand are displayed,
> in addition to the quantities per location. For consigment products, the :guilabel:`Owner` column
> will be populated with the owner of those products, or the original vendor who supplied the
> products in the first place.

Reviewer 3: Very small adjustment to justify a clearer `guilabel` use
```suggestion
View the :guilabel:`Stock On Hand` dashboard by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
Reporting --> Inventory Report`. From this report, the :guilabel:`Locations` of all stock on-hand
are displayed, in addition to the quantities per location. For consigment products, the
:guilabel:`Owner` column will be populated with the owner of those products, or the original vendor
who supplied the products in the first place.
```
